1 You need to compare the costs of running an application in an on-premises datacenter with the costs of running the application in Azure.
What should you use to assist you?

Azure Cost Management
Azure Advisor
Azure Pricing calculator
Option 4

2 What are two characteristics of a consumption-based model? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.

high capital expenditures
requires the purchase and management of the physical infrastructure
the ability to stop paying for resources that are no longer used


3 Which Azure Storage service should you use to store unstructured files, such as images, that will be served on webpages?

Azure Blob storage
Azure Disk Storage
Azure Queue Storage
Azure Table storage
Option 5

4 in a platform as a service (PaaS) model, which two components are the responsibility of the cloud service provider? Each correct answer presents a complete solution.(only one answer is correct)

ans - information and data
operating system 
physical network
user access

5 What can you use to connect Azure resources, such as Azure SQL databases, to an Azure virtual network?

ExpressRoute
network security groups (NSGs)
peering
(ans) service endpoints

 
6.You have multiple storage account in your subscription. You need to provide read access for storage account1 only to a user, write access should not be granted. Access to other storage account should not be given.
Which of the following will you configure?

Microsoft AD device managment
Multi-factor Authentication
RBAC
Conditional Access

7 Your company has datacenters in Los Angeles and New York. The company has a Microsoft Azure subscription.
You are configuring the two datacenters as geo-clustered sites for site resiliency.
You need to recommend an Azure storage redundancy option.
You have the following data storage requirements:
a) Data must be stored on multiple nodes.
b) Data must be stored on nodes in separate geographic locations.
c) Data can be read from the secondary location as well as from the primary location
Which of the following Azure stored redundancy options should you recommend?

Geo-redundant storage 
Read-only geo-redundant storage
Zone-redundant storage
Locally redundant storage

 
8 Azure Disk volumes can only be attached to single Virtual machine at a time?
